README.md, before:

# Free Business Theme
Free Business Theme - business website made on the basis of the design layout.

<details>
 <summary>RU Описание</summary>
 
## Как запустить?
 
 <details>
 <summary>GitHub Pages (рекомендуется)</summary>
 <br> 
  Вы можете запустить проект не скачивая его, сразу открыв в браузере.

  Для этого откройте [этот сайт на GitHub Pages]
  <br> (рекомендую выключить редакторы внешнего вида страниц вроде *dark-reader*.)
 <br> <br>
 </details>
 
  <details>
   <summary>VS Code</summary>
   <br>
			
  1. Скопируйте путь к репозиторию, **не забыв указать интересующую вас ветку**. 
	  
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchVSCode/howToLaunch_vsc1.png)
			
   ***
			
  2. Запустите Visual Studio Code, где, выбрав элемент Explorer, выберите **Clone repository**.
	  
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchVSCode/howToLaunch_vsc2.png)
			
***
			
  3. Во всплывающем окне введите ранее скопированный путь к репозиторию и выберите папку, в которой вы хотите сохранить файлы. 
	  
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchVSCode/howToLaunch_vsc3.png)
			
  > *Убедитесь, что в терминале vs code указан путь **к папке проекта!***
  > <br> <br>
  > *Убедитесь, что у вас установлен Python (скорее всего, вам понадобится версия 2.7, если установлена более новая, возможно, вам придется ее удалить).*
   ***
   
  4. Откройте терминал (**ctrl + j** или **вид** -> **терминал**), введите ``npm i``.
	  
   ***

   5. Если в процессе выполнения команды всё пойдёт по плану, вы увидите что-то вроде этого: 
	  
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchVSCode/howToLaunch_vsc4.png)
			
   ***
			
   6. Запустите Gulp введя команду ``gulp``.
  *Если команда не сработает (ответит что-то вроде "не найдена такая команда"), попробуйте установить **gulp-cli**, введя ``npm -g install gulp-cli``.*
  <br> Окно с главной страницей проекта будет открыта в вашем браузере по умолчанию (*если всё-таки не откроется, попробуйте перезагрузить её используя* ***ctrl + f5***)
   
  <br>
  </details>
 
<details>
<summary>В браузере</summary>
<br>
		
Скорее всего вы должны будете получить проект другим способом, но допустим, вам интересен именно этот вариант.

1. Скачайте проект **в виде ZIP файла**. 
	
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchBrowser/howToLaunch_browser1.png)

***
	
2. Откройте архив и найдиите папку с выходными файлами проекта (скорее всего она не будет называться #src), разархивируйте её на ваш	ПК.
По необходимости вы можете получить макет дизайна этого сайта.
	
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchBrowser/howToLaunch_browser2.png)
	
***
	
3. Найдите в папке файл **index.html** и запустите его в удобном для вас браузере.
		
<br>
</details>
 
Если у вас есть вопросы, вы можете написать мне на почту <a href="mailto:ccoldatheinrich@yandex.ru"> ccoldatheinrich@yandex.ru</a>
  
</details>


<details>
<summary>EN Description</summary>
 
 ## How to launch?
 
 <details>
  <summary>GitHub Pages (recommented)</summary>
<br>
  You can run the project in the browser without downloading.

  To do this, open [this site on GitHub Pages] 
  <br> (i recommend disabling external modifiers for page properties, such as *dark-reader*.)
<br>
 </details>
 
 <details>
  <summary>VS Code</summary>

<br>
	 
   1. Copy the path to the repository, **not forgetting to specify the branch you are interested in**. 
	 
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchVSCode/howToLaunch_vsc1.png)
		
***
		
   2. Start Visual Studio Code, where by selecting the Explorer item, select **Clone repository**. 
	 
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchVSCode/howToLaunch_vsc2.png)
		
***
		
   3. In the pop-up window, enter the previously copied path to the repository and select the folder where you want to save the files. 
	 
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchVSCode/howToLaunch_vsc3.png)
		
***
		
   > *Make sure that the path to the project folder is specified in the terminal!*
			<br> <br>
   > *Make sure you have Python installed (most likely you will need version 2.7, if a newer one is installed, you may have to uninstall it).*
		
***
		
   4. Enter terminal (**ctrl + j** or **view** -> **terminal**) ``npm i`` command.
		
***

   5. If there are no errors in the process, you will see something like this: 
	 
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchVSCode/howToLaunch_vsc4.png)
		
***
		
   6. Start Gulp from the terminal by entering the ``gulp`` command.
  <br> If this command doesn't work (you probably wouldn't find it), try installing **gulp-cli** via ``npm -g install gulp-cli``.
  <br> A window with the main page of the project will open in the browser by default (*if it does not load correctly, you may need to update it using* ***ctrl + f5***).

  </details>

 <details>
  <summary>Just in a browser</summary>
<br>
		
  Most likely, you will be given the folder with the project you are interested in in a different way, but if you are still interested in:
  1. Download the project **via ZIP**. 
	 
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchBrowser/howToLaunch_browser1.png)
		
***		
		
  2. Open the archive and find the folder with the final files (most likely it will not be named #src), extract it to your PC.
  If you're interested, you can download a mockup of the original design.
	 
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchBrowser/howToLaunch_browser2.png)
		
***
		
  3. Run the **index.html** file in your browser.

<br>
 </details>

If you have any questions or suggestions, write to me by email <a href="mailto:ccoldatheinrich@yandex.ru">ccoldatheinrich@yandex.ru</a>

</details>

[этот сайт на GitHub Pages]: https://ulyanov-programmer.github.io/Free-Business-Theme/Free%20Business%20Theme
[this site on GitHub Pages]: https://ulyanov-programmer.github.io/Free-Business-Theme/Free%20Business%20Theme

Commit message:

Added output from #src files, updated readme.

README.md, after:

# Default Project
Default Project - ьн standard project to start any layout. It will be gradually updated and supplemented, this is not the final version.

<details>
 <summary>RU Описание</summary>
 
## Как запустить?
 
 <details>
 <summary>GitHub Pages (рекомендуется)</summary>
 <br> 
  Вы можете запустить проект не скачивая его, сразу открыв в браузере.

  Для этого откройте [этот сайт на GitHub Pages]
  <br> (рекомендую выключить редакторы внешнего вида страниц вроде *dark-reader*.)
 <br> <br>
 </details>
 
  <details>
   <summary>VS Code</summary>
   <br>
			
  1. Скопируйте путь к репозиторию, **не забыв указать интересующую вас ветку**. 
	  
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchVSCode/howToLaunch_vsc1.png)
			
   ***
			
  2. Запустите Visual Studio Code, где, выбрав элемент Explorer, выберите **Clone repository**.
	  
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchVSCode/howToLaunch_vsc2.png)
			
***
			
  3. Во всплывающем окне введите ранее скопированный путь к репозиторию и выберите папку, в которой вы хотите сохранить файлы. 
	  
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchVSCode/howToLaunch_vsc3.png)
			
  > *Убедитесь, что в терминале vs code указан путь **к папке проекта!***
  > <br> <br>
  > *Убедитесь, что у вас установлен Python (скорее всего, вам понадобится версия 2.7, если установлена более новая, возможно, вам придется ее удалить).*
   ***
   
  4. Откройте терминал (**ctrl + j** или **вид** -> **терминал**), введите ``npm i``.
	  
   ***

   5. Если в процессе выполнения команды всё пойдёт по плану, вы увидите что-то вроде этого: 
	  
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchVSCode/howToLaunch_vsc4.png)
			
   ***
			
   6. Запустите Gulp введя команду ``gulp``.
  *Если команда не сработает (ответит что-то вроде "не найдена такая команда"), попробуйте установить **gulp-cli**, введя ``npm -g install gulp-cli``.*
  <br> Окно с главной страницей проекта будет открыта в вашем браузере по умолчанию (*если всё-таки не откроется, попробуйте перезагрузить её используя* ***ctrl + f5***)
   
  <br>
  </details>
 
<details>
<summary>В браузере</summary>
<br>
		
Скорее всего вы должны будете получить проект другим способом, но допустим, вам интересен именно этот вариант.

1. Скачайте проект **в виде ZIP файла**. 
	
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchBrowser/howToLaunch_browser1.png)

***
	
2. Откройте архив и найдиите папку с выходными файлами проекта (скорее всего она не будет называться #src), разархивируйте её на ваш	ПК.
По необходимости вы можете получить макет дизайна этого сайта.
	
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchBrowser/howToLaunch_browser2.png)
	
***
	
3. Найдите в папке файл **index.html** и запустите его в удобном для вас браузере.
		
<br>
</details>
 
Если у вас есть вопросы, вы можете написать мне на почту <a href="mailto:ccoldatheinrich@yandex.ru"> ccoldatheinrich@yandex.ru</a>
  
</details>


<details>
<summary>EN Description</summary>
 
 ## How to launch?
 
 <details>
  <summary>GitHub Pages (recommented)</summary>
<br>
  You can run the project in the browser without downloading.

  To do this, open [this site on GitHub Pages] 
  <br> (i recommend disabling external modifiers for page properties, such as *dark-reader*.)
<br>
 </details>
 
 <details>
  <summary>VS Code</summary>

<br>
	 
   1. Copy the path to the repository, **not forgetting to specify the branch you are interested in**. 
	 
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchVSCode/howToLaunch_vsc1.png)
		
***
		
   2. Start Visual Studio Code, where by selecting the Explorer item, select **Clone repository**. 
	 
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchVSCode/howToLaunch_vsc2.png)
		
***
		
   3. In the pop-up window, enter the previously copied path to the repository and select the folder where you want to save the files. 
	 
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchVSCode/howToLaunch_vsc3.png)
		
***
		
   > *Make sure that the path to the project folder is specified in the terminal!*
			<br> <br>
   > *Make sure you have Python installed (most likely you will need version 2.7, if a newer one is installed, you may have to uninstall it).*
		
***
		
   4. Enter terminal (**ctrl + j** or **view** -> **terminal**) ``npm i`` command.
		
***

   5. If there are no errors in the process, you will see something like this: 
	 
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchVSCode/howToLaunch_vsc4.png)
		
***
		
   6. Start Gulp from the terminal by entering the ``gulp`` command.
  <br> If this command doesn't work (you probably wouldn't find it), try installing **gulp-cli** via ``npm -g install gulp-cli``.
  <br> A window with the main page of the project will open in the browser by default (*if it does not load correctly, you may need to update it using* ***ctrl + f5***).

  </details>

 <details>
  <summary>Just in a browser</summary>
<br>
		
  Most likely, you will be given the folder with the project you are interested in in a different way, but if you are still interested in:
  1. Download the project **via ZIP**. 
	 
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchBrowser/howToLaunch_browser1.png)
		
***		
		
  2. Open the archive and find the folder with the final files (most likely it will not be named #src), extract it to your PC.
  If you're interested, you can download a mockup of the original design.
	 
![howToLaunch_vsc1](/readmeFiles/howToLaunchBrowser/howToLaunch_browser2.png)
		
***
		
  3. Run the **index.html** file in your browser.

<br>
 </details>

If you have any questions or suggestions, write to me by email <a href="mailto:ccoldatheinrich@yandex.ru">ccoldatheinrich@yandex.ru</a>

</details>

[этот сайт на GitHub Pages]: https://ulyanov-programmer.github.io/DefaultProject/DefaultProject
[this site on GitHub Pages]: https://ulyanov-programmer.github.io/DefaultProject/DefaultProject
